### Cluster
A collection of multiple locations represented as a single feature.

### Entry
Usually a javascript object in an array of objects. e.g. an infoj entry.

### Extent
A specific geographical area.

### Feature
An [Openlayers] feature is an object consisting of a geometry, and associated properties.

### Filter
Layer filters that exclude certain locations.

### Flag
A boolean variable.

### Gazetteer
The search box on the side panel.

### GeoJSON
Format for encoding geographic data structures.

### geom
Usually the field name which holds a layer feature's geometry.

### Geometry
A graphical entity displayed on the map, such as a point or polygon.

### GraphHopper
Open-source road routing library and server.

### Infoj
Information displayed on side panel when a geometry is clicked on.

### [String] Interpolation [Expression]

String interpolation is evaluation of a template literal and expanding/substituting the interpolation expressions / variables (`${variable}`) in it for the string output.

### Key
A key of an object. e.g. foo of O whereas `O = {foo: 'bar'}`

### Key-Value
A the value associated with a key. e.g. 'bar' as foo key-value of O whereas `O = {foo: 'bar'}`

### Layer
A collection of geographical features / locations represented by a single datasource.

### [JSON] Layer
A config block that defines a layer in the workspace. The JSON layer can be added to a mapview.

### [Mapview] Layer
A functional object decorated from a JSON Layer when added to the mapview.

### Locale
Locales define the functional and geographical extent of a mapview. A workspace can hold many locales but only one locale can be loaded into a single mapview.

### Location
A geometry in the map that can be clicked on.

### MAPP
The front end library which allows secure access to, and enables the visualisation of spatial data through the XYZ API.

### Mapview
The map element in an application view. A locale is required to initialise a mapview.

### MVT
Mapbox Vector Tiles. A protobuf format for vector geometries split into tiles.

### MVT Cache
A table to cache MVTiles which have already been generated by the XYZ API.

### MVT Clone
A clone of an MVT Layer. Feature properties for theming are provided from a lookup array.

### MVT Layer
A Mapp layer represented by vector tiles generated by the XYZ API.

### Object
Any JavaScript object. Usualy a set of key-values whereas the value can be nested a object.

### OpenLayers
An Open-source mapping library to render spatial data in the browser.

### Plugin
A JavaScript modul which can be imported dynamically to alter and expand Mapp functionality.

### Query [Template]
A SQL query with variable placeholders to be substituded by the database. Queries can be defined as templates in the workspace.

### [Object] Root
The first level of an object, not in a nested object. The root key is in this object's root. The nested key is an object associated with the root key.

```js
{
  root: {
    nested: "value"
  }
}
```

### SAML (Security Assertion Markup Language)
Markup for secure identities provided to a service for authentication.

### SRID (Spatial Reference Identifier)
A unique identifier of a coordinate system. Consistent with the EPSG (European Petroleum Survey Group) code.

### SSO (Single Sign-On)
Shared identification via SAML enables use multiple systems with a single login.

## Templates
JSON objects which can be combined to build complex workspace objects to define locales and layer.

## Vercel
A service provider which supports deployments to AWS Lambda.

## Viewport
The cartographic extent visible in a mapview. Usually defined by north, west, south, and east bounding lines.

## [Application] View [Template]
A application view is a markup document (plus styles and script) which is loaded as an [website] application in a browser client. Views can be defined as templates in the workspace.

## Workspace
A JSON object which defines the locale, layer, and locations available through the XYZ host.

## qID
The unique qID field name for a location. The field must be defined as serial in order to add new locations to a layer table.

## XYZ
The node js back-end application.